German Chancellor Olaf Schultz has met
with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu in Jerusalem amid growing
bilateral tensions over Israel's war
against Hamas Netanyahu reiterated
Israel's focus on eliminating Hamas his
plan including an offensive into Rafa in
the strip where more than a million
displaced Palestinians are Sheltering
Schultz said Israel's security is
essential but that there must be a
long-term peace solution that includes
Palestinian governance in Gaza and the
West Bank Schultz also called for more
Aid to reach Palestinian civilians
voicing concern for the humanitarian
situation in the Gaza Strip both ladies
gave statements after their meeting we
cannot stand by and watch Palestinians
risk
starvation that's not us that is not
what we stand for
together much more humanitarian Aid is
needed continuously
reliably I shared my concerns with the
prim Minister that provision of aid from
Israel into Gaza and the conditions for
distribution must be urgently and
massively improved we believe that the
key to peace is security many believe
that the key to security is peace but
peace is unsustainable without a strong
Israel and if we are offered a peace
agreement or a path to peace that makes
Israel so weak and unable to defend
itself and our neighbors still uh
adhering to the go goal of destroying
the Jewish State uh then obviously we
will set peace backward and not forward
we want to move peace forward and for
that Israel has to have the necessary
security responsibility in this tiny
area otherwise the radicals take over so
as you heard there Germany pushing for
the protection of Palestinians the
German Leader's narrative shifting from
Israel's right to defend itself DW Shani
rosanas was following the press
conference um he adults also pushed for
a comprehensive hostage deal that's
important because I mean every day that
goes by puts their lives at risk correct
and that's actually the center of
attention now in Israel we know that
Hamas gave its answer for uh the terms
that were already negotiated just the
end of last week Israelis were
contemplating over the weekend what
should be their response and um the head
of the Mad Israeli spy agency is
expected to travel to Doha the capital
of katar tomorrow to further go on with
the with the negotiations though there
are still major
uh contention points between the two
sides we need to be very cautious about
any signs of optimism because Hamas
still very much is against U any any
demand of Israel to to to to stop they
insist that Hamas insists that gazans
can go back to the S the northern part
of the strip Israel is very much against
it and that's a very big point in what's
the future for the Gaza Strip and for
these negotiations and it's it is
correct very much the lives of of those
hostages are are in Jeopardy every day
um it's getting you know we hear more
and more of them that are being are
being pronounced that by the Israeli
military at the same time it sounds like
there's no stopping the raer offensive
correct because Israel feels that's the
only ace it has up its sleeve it's back
to a wall uh the humanitarian uh
situation is so dire and the
international pressure is such that um
you know Americans Germany is itself
also started delivering Aid themselves
to the Gaza Strip so Israel does not
have that car that it's been using for
months so what else does it have they
feel like they have to keep on pushing
on Rafa or at least seem to be willing
to push into ha in order to get Hamas to
budge a little bit when it comes to some
uh making some you know some compromise
on the deal and and that's also let's
not forget the idea of the hostages and
bringing them home is a core issue when
it comes to Israeli policy when it comes
to the Israeli mindset the public the
Israeli public that's a sore open wound
that keeps bleeding every day and
Netanyahu knows he needs to solve that
problem predictably Schultz brought up a
two-state solution the reaction well n
doesn't like the word the combin they
hear this word combination together uh
he he doesn't like to hear it from
Schultz he doesn't like to hear it from
the Americans uh and this is partially
part of the criticism that he's getting
from the International Community but
also slowly growing criticism from
within and what is the plan what is the
political long-term plan what's the
Strategic goal for the end of what we're
seeing because we're approaching over
almost you know five and a half months
almost in this uh terrible war and
there's no Seem doesn't seem to be any
end inside the the goal of elimination
of Hamas is also far from being reached
um so if you don't want to bring in the
Palestinian Authority which is also
something that Charles clearly said you
know the need for a reformed Palestinian
Authority that will have Gaza and the
West Bank is the only way out and
Netanyahu is not willing to even discuss
that and this is exactly what we're
seeing now the the growing tension
between netan and the rest of the world
on the plan for the day after and who's
taking over uh the chaos that we're
seeing uh in the Gaza Strip is something
that it's very clear is not sustainable
sh rosanas our Middle East analyst thank
you very much for coming you're welcome
back